#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   modal-client
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiostream==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   sigtools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   modal-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via langchain
fastapi==0.95.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
grpclib==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpclib
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
httpcore==0.17.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain==0.0.169
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
modal-client==0.48.1862
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   grpclib
    #   yarl
mypy==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
numexpr==2.8.4
    # via langchain
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   numexpr
openai==0.27.6
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-pydantic==1.2.4
    # via langchain
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
playwright==1.33.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==4.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   openapi-schema-pydantic
pyee==9.0.4
    # via playwright
pygments==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-base-url==2.0.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-playwright==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via pytest-playwright
pyyaml==6.0
    # via langchain
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   pytest-base-url
rich==13.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
ruff==0.0.263
    # via -r requirements.in
sigtools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   synchronicity
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==1.4.47
    # via langchain
starlette==0.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
synchronicity==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via langchain
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via openai
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
types-certifi==2021.10.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
types-toml==0.10.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pyee
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   modal-client
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
